1. Maximum-likelihood estimation: This method uses the maximum-likelihood principle to estimate the most likely label for each unlabeled sample, based on the current classifier.

2. Confidence-thresholding: This method predicts the label for each unlabeled sample using the classifier, and only adds the predicted label to the training set if the classifier's confidence in the prediction is above a certain threshold.

3. Multiple-classifier voting: This method trains multiple classifiers on the labeled data, and then uses the majority vote of the classifiers to predict the label of each unlabeled sample.

4. Bootstrapping: This method generates multiple datasets by sampling with replacement from the labeled data, and trains a classifier on each dataset. The classifiers are then used to predict the labels of the unlabeled data, and the predictions are combined to form the final pseudo labels.

5. Data augmentation: This method generates new samples by applying transformations to the labeled data, such as rotation, scaling, or noise injection. The new samples are then used as pseudo-labeled data in the training set.

6. Cluster-based labeling: This method uses clustering algorithms to group the unlabeled data into clusters, and then assigns a label to each cluster based on the majority label of the samples in the cluster.

7. Graph-based transduction: This method uses a graph structure to propagate labels from labeled to unlabeled samples, based on their similarity or other relationships.

8. Co-training: This method trains two classifiers on different views or projections of the data, and then uses the predictions of one classifier to label the data for the other classifier. This process is repeated until the performance of the classifiers reaches a satisfactory level.

9. Self-ensembling: This method trains multiple models on the labeled data, and then uses the predictions of the models to create a consensus prediction for each unlabeled sample. The consensus predictions are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

10. Adversarial learning: This method trains a generator network to generate synthetic samples that are similar to the labeled data, and then uses the generated samples as pseudo-labeled data in the training set.

11. Generative adversarial networks (GANs): This method uses a GAN model to generate synthetic samples that are similar to the labeled data, and then uses the generated samples as pseudo-labeled data in the training set.

12. Self-supervised learning: This method trains a model on the unlabeled data using a self-supervised objective, such as predicting the rotation or permutation of an image, and then uses the learned representations to predict the labels of the unlabeled data.

13. Unsupervised learning with consistency regularization: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using an unsupervised learning objective, such as reconstruction or clustering, and regularizes the model to encourage the predictions on the unlabeled data to be consistent with the true labels.

14. Semi-supervised learning with entropy regularization: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, such as cross-entropy loss, and regularizes the model to encourage the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to be confident and diverse.

15. Semantic constraints: This method uses prior knowledge or domain-specific rules to constrain the possible labels of the unlabeled data, and then uses the constrained labels as pseudo labels in the training set.

16. Semi-supervised generative models: This method trains a generative model on the labeled data, and then uses the generative model to synthesize new samples that are similar to the labeled data. The synthesized samples are then used as pseudo-labeled data in the training set.

17. Label propagation: This method uses a graph structure to propagate labels from labeled to unlabeled samples, based on their similarity or other relationships.

18. Multi-view learning: This method trains multiple models on different views or projections of the data, and then uses the predictions of the models to create a consensus prediction for each unlabeled sample. The consensus predictions are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

19. Constrained clustering: This method uses clustering algorithms to group the unlabeled data into clusters, and then assigns a label to each cluster based on the majority label of the samples in the cluster, subject to certain constraints or prior knowledge.

20. Cross-domain alignment: This method trains a model on a labeled dataset from one domain, and then uses the learned representations to predict the labels of unlabeled data from a different domain.

21. Semi-supervised learning with generative models: This method trains a generative model on the labeled data, and then uses the generative model to synthesize new samples that are similar to the labeled data. The synthesized samples are then used as pseudo pseudo-labeled data in the training set.

22. Semi-supervised learning with adversarial training: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model with an adversarial loss to encourage the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to be confident and diverse.

23. Semantic co-regularization: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model to encourage the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to be semantically consistent with the true labels.

24. Pseudo-label refinement: This method generates pseudo labels for the unlabeled data using one of the aforementioned methods, and then trains a model on the labeled and pseudo-labeled data using a supervised learning objective. The model is then used to refine the pseudo labels, and the process is repeated until the performance of the model reaches a satisfactory level.

25. Semi-supervised learning with consistency ensembling: This method trains multiple models on the labeled and unlabeled data using different methods for generating pseudo labels, and then uses the predictions of the models to create a consensus prediction for each unlabeled sample. The consensus predictions are then used as the final pseudo labels for the training set.

26. Robust self-learning: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels are then added to the training set and the model is retrained, but only the most confident and stable predictions are kept. This process is repeated until the performance of the model reaches a satisfactory level.

27. Multi-instance learning: This method treats each group of samples from the same instance (e.g. the same image, document, or sentence) as a single sample, and trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled instances using a multi-instance learning objective. The model is then used to predict the labels of the unlabeled instances, and the predicted labels are used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

28. Semi-supervised learning with class-level constraints: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model to encourage the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to satisfy certain class-level constraints, such as the relative proportions of the classes in the dataset.

29. Pseudo-label selection: This method generates multiple sets of pseudo labels for the unlabeled data using different methods or algorithms, and then selects the most accurate or stable pseudo labels for the training set.

30. Semi-supervised learning with cluster assumptions: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model to encourage the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to conform to certain cluster assumptions, such as the cluster purity or the cluster separability.

31. Semi-supervised learning with label noise: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model to be robust to label noise, such as the label flipping or the label corruption.

32. Deep semi-supervised learning: This method trains a deep neural network on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised or unsupervised learning objective, and leverages the hierarchical representation learning and the large capacity of deep neural networks to improve the performance of the model.

33. Deep generative models: This method trains a deep generative model on the labeled data, and then uses the generative model to synthesize new samples that are similar to the labeled data. The synthesized samples are then used as pseudo-labeled data in the training set.

34. Adversarial pseudo-labeling: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels are then added to the training set and the model is retrained, but an adversarial loss is also introduced to encourage the model to be robust to label noise and label inconsistency.

35. Semi-supervised learning with domain adaptation: This method trains a model on labeled data from one domain, and then uses the learned representations to predict the labels of unlabeled data from a different domain. A domain-adversarial loss is introduced to encourage the model to be domain-invariant and transferable.

36. Meta-learning for semi-supervised learning: This method trains a meta-learner on a large number of labeled and unlabeled datasets, and then uses the meta-learner to quickly adapt to a new labeled and unlabeled dataset. The meta-learner can generate pseudo labels for the new dataset and train a model on the pseudo-labeled data.

37. Prototypical networks for semi-supervised learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model to encourage the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to be consistent with the prototypical representation of the labeled data.

38. Semi-supervised learning with feature-level constraints: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model to encourage the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to satisfy certain feature-level constraints, such as the feature independence or the feature sparsity.

39. Semi-supervised learning with label distribution learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model to encourage the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to match the true label distribution of the labeled data.

40. Learning with noisy labels: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data, but assumes that the labeled data may be noisy or corrupt. The model is regularized to be robust to label noise, and the predicted labels on the unlabeled data are used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

41. Pseudo-label projection: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels are then projected onto the label space of the labeled data using a metric or similarity measure, and the projected labels are used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

42. Semi-supervised learning with auxiliary tasks: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model on auxiliary tasks that are related to the main task but require less supervision. The predictions on the unlabeled data from the auxiliary tasks are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

43. Semi-supervised learning with label propagation: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels are then propagated to the neighboring samples in the feature space using a graph structure, and the propagated labels are used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

44. Semi-supervised learning with density-based clustering: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels are then used to refine the clusters formed by a density-based

45. Semi-supervised learning with probabilistic graphical models: This method trains a probabilistic graphical model on the labeled and unlabeled data, using both supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The model can then generate pseudo labels for the unlabeled data by inferring the hidden variables or latent variables in the model.

46. Semi-supervised learning with information bottleneck: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model to encourage the learned representation to be informative and non-redundant. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

47. Semi-supervised learning with conditional generative models: This method trains a conditional generative model on the labeled data, where the labels are used as the condition for the generation. The generative model can then synthesize new samples that are conditioned on the pseudo labels of the unlabeled data, and the synthesized samples are used as the pseudo-labeled data in the training set.

48. Semi-supervised learning with multi-view ensembles: This method trains multiple models on different views or projections of the data, and then uses the predictions of the models to create a consensus prediction for each unlabeled sample. The consensus predictions are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set, and the multiple models are combined into an ensemble model for improved performance.

49. Semi-supervised learning with graph convolutional networks: This method trains a graph convolutional network on the labeled and unlabeled data, where the graph structure encodes the relationships between the samples in the dataset. The graph convolutional network can then generate pseudo labels for the unlabeled data by propagating the labels along the graph structure.

50. Semi-supervised learning with reinforcement learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using reinforcement learning to maximize a reward signal that is related to the performance of the model on the labeled data. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

51. Semi-supervised learning with label uncertainty: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also estimates the uncertainty of the predicted labels on the unlabeled data. The uncertain or low-confidence pseudo labels are discarded or corrected, and the remaining pseudo labels are used for the training set.

52. Semi-supervised learning with contrastive learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using contrastive learning to maximize the mutual information between the representation of the data and the predicted labels. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

53. Semi-supervised learning with metric learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using metric learning to minimize the distance between the samples with the same labels and maximize the distance between the samples with different labels. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

54. Semi-supervised learning with adversarial training: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using adversarial training to fool a discriminator that is trained to distinguish between the labeled and unlabeled data. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

55. Semi-supervised learning with prototype-based clustering: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels are then used to assign the unlabeled data to the same or different clusters as the labeled data, and the assigned labels are used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

56. Semi-supervised learning with distance-based clustering: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels are then used to assign the unlabeled data to the same or different clusters as the labeled data, based on the distances between the samples in the feature space. The assigned labels are used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

57. Semi-supervised learning with co-training: This method trains two or more models on the labeled and unlabeled data, and then uses the predictions of the models to create a consensus prediction for each unlabeled sample. The consensus predictions are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set, and the multiple models are combined into an ensemble model for improved performance.

58. Semi-supervised learning with bootstrapping: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels are then added to the training set and the model is retrained, but only the most confident and stable predictions are kept. This process is repeated until the performance of the model reaches a satisfactory level.

59. Semi-supervised learning with clustering-based regularization: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model to encourage the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to be consistent with the clusters formed by a clustering algorithm.

60. Semi-supervised learning with manifold regularization: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model to encourage the learned representation to lie on a low-dimensional manifold in the feature space. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

61. Semi-supervised learning with consensus optimization: This method trains multiple models on the labeled and unlabeled data, and then uses the predictions of the models to create a consensus prediction for each unlabeled sample. The consensus predictions are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set, and the models are optimized using a consensus objective that encourages the models to agree on the pseudo labels.

62. Semi-supervised learning with online learning: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data in an online fashion, i.e. one sample at a time. The predicted labels are then added to the training set and the model is updated, and this process is repeated until all the unlabeled data has been processed.

63. Semi-supervised learning with transductive learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a transductive learning objective, which aims to directly optimize the performance of the model on the unlabeled data. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

64. Semi-supervised learning with active learning: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The most uncertain or informative unlabeled samples are selected and labeled by a human oracle, and the newly

65. Semi-supervised learning with self-ensembling: This method trains multiple models on the labeled data using different training algorithms or hyperparameters, and then uses the predictions of the models to create a consensus prediction for each unlabeled sample. The consensus predictions are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set, and the models are combined into an ensemble model for improved performance.

66. Semi-supervised learning with generative adversarial networks: This method trains a generative adversarial network on the labeled and unlabeled data, where the generator network synthesizes new samples and the discriminator network classifies the samples as real or fake. The generator network can then generate pseudo-labeled data based on the predicted labels of the unlabeled data, and the generated samples are used as the pseudo-labeled data in the training set.

67. Semi-supervised learning with noise-contrastive estimation: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using noise-contrastive estimation to discriminate between the true labels and noise labels. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

68. Semi-supervised learning with joint optimization: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a joint optimization objective, which combines the supervised and unsupervised learning objectives into a single optimization problem. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

69. Semi-supervised learning with entropy regularization: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and regularizes the model to encourage the entropy or uncertainty of the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to be low. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

70. Semi-supervised learning with virtual adversarial training: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using virtual adversarial training to make the model robust to small perturbations in the input space. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

71. Semi-supervised learning with label smoothing: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also applies label smoothing to the true labels and predicted labels of the labeled and unlabeled data. The smoothed labels are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

72. Semi-supervised learning with multi-label learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a multi-label learning objective, which allows each sample to have multiple labels. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

73. Semi-supervised learning with semi-supervised support vector machines: This method trains a semi-supervised support vector machine on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

74. Semi-supervised learning with self-paced learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a self-paced learning objective, which allows the model to learn the easy samples first and gradually learn the difficult samples. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

75. Semi-supervised learning with learning with noisy labels: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a learning with noisy labels objective, which allows the model to handle noisy or incorrect labels in the training set. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

76. Semi-supervised learning with co-regularization: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a co-regularization objective, which encourages the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to be consistent with the true labels of the labeled data. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

77. Semi-supervised learning with deep clustering: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using deep clustering to learn a low-dimensional representation of the data that is well-suited for clustering. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

78. Semi-supervised learning with consistency regularization: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also regularizes the model to encourage the predictions of the model on multiple augmented versions of the same unlabeled sample to be consistent. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

79. Semi-supervised learning with manifold alignment: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using manifold alignment to align the manifolds of the labeled and unlabeled data in the feature space. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

80. Semi-supervised learning with pseudo-label propagation: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels are then propagated to the neighboring samples in the feature space using a graph-based method, and the propagated labels are used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

81. Semi-supervised learning with graph-based methods: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels are then propagated to the neighboring samples in the feature space using a graph-based method, and the propagated labels are used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

82. Semi-supervised learning with transductive support vector machines: This method trains a transductive support vector machine on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

83. Semi-supervised learning with multiple instance learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a multiple instance learning objective, which allows each sample to be represented by a bag of instances. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

84. Semi-supervised learning with conditional generative adversarial networks: This method trains a conditional generative adversarial network on the labeled and unlabeled data, where the generator network synthesizes new samples and the discriminator network classifies the samples as real or fake. The generator network can then generate pseudo-labeled data based on the predicted labels of the unlabeled data, and the generated samples are used as the pseudo-labeled data in the training set.

85. Semi-supervised learning with adversarial domain adaptation: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using adversarial domain adaptation to align the distributions of the labeled and unlabeled data. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

86. Semi-supervised learning with deep reinforcement learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using deep reinforcement learning to learn a policy for selecting the most informative or valuable unlabeled samples to label. The predicted labels on the selected unlabeled samples are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

87. Semi-supervised learning with few-shot learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a few-shot learning objective, which allows the model to learn from a small number of labeled examples. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

88. Semi-supervised learning with meta-learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a meta-learning objective, which allows the model to learn from a large number of related tasks or datasets. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

89. Semi-supervised learning with metric learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using metric learning to learn a distance metric that captures the similarity or relatedness of the samples in the feature space. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

90. Semi-supervised learning with clustering ensembles: This method trains multiple models on the labeled and unlabeled data using different clustering algorithms, and then uses the predictions of the models to create a consensus prediction for each unlabeled sample. The consensus predictions are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set, and the models are combined into an ensemble model for improved performance.

91. Semi-supervised learning with co-training: This method trains two models on the labeled and unlabeled data, where each model is trained on a different subset of the features or views of the data. The predicted labels of the models on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set, and the models are iteratively updated until convergence.

92. Semi-supervised learning with label propagation: This method trains a model on the labeled data using a supervised learning objective, and then uses the model to predict the labels of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels are then propagated to the neighboring samples in the feature space using a graph-based method, and the propagated labels are used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

93. Semi-supervised learning with evolutionary algorithms: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using an evolutionary algorithm to optimize the model's architecture or hyperparameters. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

94. Semi-supervised learning with reinforcement learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using reinforcement learning to learn a policy for selecting the most informative or valuable unlabeled samples to label. The predicted labels on the selected unlabeled samples are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

95. Semi-supervised learning with recurrent neural networks: This method trains a recurrent neural network on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

96. Semi-supervised learning with deep belief networks: This method trains a deep belief network on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

97. Semi-supervised learning with variational autoencoders: This method trains a variational autoencoder on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

98. Semi-supervised learning with generative adversarial networks: This method trains a generative adversarial network on the labeled and unlabeled data, where the generator network synthesizes new samples and the discriminator network classifies the samples as real or fake. The generator network can then generate pseudo-labeled data based on the predicted labels of the unlabeled data, and the generated samples are used as the pseudo-labeled data in the training set.

99. Semi-supervised learning with deep convolutional networks: This method trains a deep convolutional network on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

100. Semi-supervised learning with deep recurrent networks: This method trains a deep recurrent network on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

101. Semi-supervised learning with recurrent convolutional networks: This method trains a recurrent convolutional network on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

102. Semi-supervised learning with residual networks: This method trains a residual network on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

103. Semi-supervised learning with attention networks: This method trains an attention network on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

104. Semi-supervised learning with capsule networks: This method trains a capsule network on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

105. Semi-supervised learning with graph neural networks: This method trains a graph neural network on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

106. Semi-supervised learning with autoregressive models: This method trains an autoregressive model on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

107. Semi-supervised learning with generative models: This method trains a generative model on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

108. Semi-supervised learning with probabilistic models: This method trains a probabilistic model on the labeled and unlabeled data, using a combination of supervised and unsupervised learning objectives. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

109. Semi-supervised learning with active learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using active learning to select the most informative or valuable unlabeled samples to label. The predicted labels on the selected unlabeled samples are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

110. Semi-supervised learning with ensemble learning: This method trains multiple models on the labeled and unlabeled data using different algorithms or architectures, and then uses the predictions of the models to create a consensus prediction for each unlabeled sample. The consensus predictions are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set, and the models are combined into an ensemble model for improved performance.

111. Semi-supervised learning with transfer learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using transfer learning to transfer knowledge or information from a related task or dataset. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

112. Semi-supervised learning with semi-supervised learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a semi-supervised learning objective, which allows the model to learn from both labeled and unlabeled data. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

113. Semi-supervised learning with generative adversarial imitation learning: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using generative adversarial imitation learning to learn a policy for selecting the most informative or valuable unlabeled samples to label. The predicted labels on the selected unlabeled samples are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

114. Semi-supervised learning with adversarial training: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using adversarial training to improve the model's robustness to noise or perturbations in the data. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

115. Semi-supervised learning with adversarial domain adaptation: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using adversarial domain adaptation to align the distributions of the labeled and unlabeled data. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

116. Semi-supervised learning with label smoothing: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also applies label smoothing to the predicted labels on the unlabeled data to regularize the model and reduce overfitting. The smoothed labels are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

117. Semi-supervised learning with uncertainty estimation: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also estimates the uncertainty of the model's predictions on the unlabeled data. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data with low uncertainty are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

118. Semi-supervised learning with self-ensembling: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using self-ensembling to generate a diverse set of model predictions for each unlabeled sample. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data with high diversity are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

119. Semi-supervised learning with consistency regularization: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also applies consistency regularization to the model to encourage the model's predictions on the unlabeled data to be consistent with the model's predictions on perturbed versions of the unlabeled data. The predicted labels on the unlabeled data are then used as the pseudo labels for the training set.

120. Semi-supervised learning with bootstrapping: This method trains a model on the labeled and unlabeled data using a supervised learning objective, and also trains the model using bootstrapping to generate multiple sets of pseudo labels for the unlabeled data by sampling with replacement from the model's predicted labels. The average of the pseudo labels for each sample is then used as the final pseudo label for the training set.